Michael I've learned you since you were
a child we have a gift
you always have if there's an answer to
the disease we'll find it
[Music]
I should have died years ago
why am I still here if not to fix this I
have a rare blood disease and I'm not
that at a time
this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly label
I want to see you get hurt more than you
already have this would be a cure
at what cost
[Music]
I went from time
of increased strength his speed
the ability is echolocation
and then overpowering urge to consume
blood
[Music]
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
Michael Morbius got tired of doing the
old good guy hang up what's up doc
you